Airgap install (#1657)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/enterprise-version/install-palette/airgap/vmware-vsphere-airgap-instructions.md

  <br />

    - `ECR_IMAGE_REGISTRY`: The IP address or domain name of the public OCI registry for images.
    - `ECR_IMAGE_BASE`: The namespace or repository name that hosts the Palette images.
    - `ECR_IMAGE_REGISTRY_REGION`: The AWS region where the ECR registry is located.
    - `ECR_PACK_BASE`: The namespace or repository name that hosts the Palette Packs.
    - `ECR_PACK_REGISTRY`: The IP address or domain name of the OCI registry.
    - `ECR_PACK_REGISTRY_REGION`: The AWS region where the ECR registry is located.

    ```shell
    export ECR_IMAGE_REGISTRY=<ecr-endpoint>
    export ECR_IMAGE_BASE=spectro-images
    export ECR_IMAGE_REGISTRY_REGION=us-east-1
    export ECR_PACK_REGISTRY=<ecr-endpoint>
    export ECR_PACK_BASE=spectro-packs
    export ECR_PACK_REGISTRY_REGION=us-east-1
    ```

    Example

    ```shell hideClipboard
    export ECR_IMAGE_REGISTRY=public.ecr.aws/1234567890
    export ECR_IMAGE_BASE=spectro-images
    export ECR_IMAGE_REGISTRY_REGION=us-east-1
    export ECR_PACK_REGISTRY=123456789.dkr.ecr.us-east-1.amazonaws.com
    export ECR_PACK_BASE=spectro-packs
    export ECR_PACK_REGISTRY_REGION=us-east-1
    ```

  </TabItem>
  </Tabs>

---

> 10. Download the airgap setup binary. Our support team will provide you with the proper version and the necessary credentials. Replace the commands below with the recommended version and credentials provided by our support team.

Author: ```suggestion
10. Download the airgap setup binary. Our support team will provide you with the proper version and the necessary credentials. Replace the placeholder values in the commands below with the recommended version and credentials that our support team provides.
```

  ```shell
  chmod +x airgap-v$VERSION.bin
  ```

12. Start the airgap setup binary. Replace the file name below with the name of the airgap setup binary you downloaded.

  ```shell
  ./airgap-v$VERSION.bin
  ```
  Upon completion, a success message will be displayed. The output is condensed for brevity.
  
    ```shell hideClipboard {10}
    Verifying archive integrity...  100%   MD5 checksums are OK. All good.
    Uncompressing Airgap Setup - Version 4.0.17  100%
    Setting up Packs
    - Pushing Pack cni-calico:3.25.1
    ...
    Setting up Images
    - Pushing image docker.io/kindest/kindnetd:v20230227-15197099
    - Pushing image gcr.io/cloud-provider-vsphere/cpi/release/manager:v1.22.8
    .....
    Preparing Manifests Archive
    Manifests are available in /tmp/spectro-manifests-1696971110.zip. Extract the archive to a file server to serve as a Spectro Cloud Repository
    Setup Completed
    ```

  :::info

  If you encounter an error during the airgap setup process, verify the required environment variables are set and populated correctly. If you are still having issues, reach out to our support team for assistance.
  :::

> 

Author: At this point, they have already started a conversation with support. Otherwise, they won't have the credentials for downloading the binaries.
